feat(core): Wire TurboModulePerfLogger on iOS and Android (#6307)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - Wire Sentry's `facebook::react::NativeModulePerfLogger` on both platforms so the SDK observes every TurboModule lifecycle event (`moduleCreate*`, sync/async method call start/end/fail, execution start/end/fail) for crash attribution, per-module spans and aggregated stats in follow-up releases. Install is automatic — no `OnLoad.cpp` changes on Android. Gated by the new `enableTurboModuleTracking` option on `Sentry.init`, default `false` for this first release. New Architecture only ([#6307](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6307))

Reviewer: Let's move this to the unreleased section.
Wdyt of a shorter changelog just for the feature. E.g.
```suggestion
- Add `enableTurboModuleTracking` opt-in experimental option to enable Turbo Module performance tracking in the New Architecture ([#6307](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6307))
```
